:label: Export Datepicker hook argument types (#3983)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/weak-ghosts-open.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": patch
---

> Types: Exported 'UseRangeDatepickerOptions' and 'UseDatepickerOptions' types from Datepicker hooks.

Reviewer: Consider backtics instead of single quotes

> Types: Exported 'UseRangeDatepickerOptions' and 'UseDatepickerOptions' types from Datepicker hooks.

Author: ```suggestion
Types: Exported `UseRangeDatepickerOptions` and `UseDatepickerOptions` types from Datepicker hooks.
```
